Let's begin.
Can you tell me about your
typical sleep schedule on
weekdays?
Umm, I usually sleep for 8 hours
or at least I tried to sleep for
8 hours during the week days
because I have most of the days
I have lectures.
UM, but sometimes I can't sleep
for 8 hours. It depends on so
many factors.
And can you talk about like is
it is it the same for the
weekends as well?
No, for the weekends it's
completely different. I usually
tend to oversleep on the
weekends.
Is that I have nothing to do.
So do you.
So do you have an average like
the duration for your sleep?
In the weekend.
Yeah.
Uh.
From 10 hours to 12 hours, it
depends.
But in that list.
And on weekdays.
Week Days 8 hours or.
Less.
How do you usually feel when you
wake up in the morning? Do you
feel refreshed or tired?
I feel refreshed if I get enough
sleep, but mostly tired.
Umm and like?
Do you have like this specific
things like what's the reason
behind that?
Ohh.
Mostly because I didn't sleep
enough. That's why I wake up
Right.
feeling tired, or the opposite,
which is oversleeping, which
also makes me.
Died.
What are some of the factors
that impact your ability to fall
asleep or?
And the factors that impact my
ability to fall asleep, it's
basically my.
Stress.
That's one of the biggest
reasons less anxiety.
Hmm.
Uh, if I consumed a lot of
caffeine or nicotine?
And if I'm surrounded in a.
Around people who are making a
lot of noises, you know, another
quiet environment for me to fall
asleep.
Yeah, that would be.
That'll be it.
Can you talk about some factors
that impact your ability to stay
asleep?
Stay asleep is.
Yeah. See environment amenable
atmosphere.
With it, if it's a quiet place.
Light.
Uh.
Anxiety sometimes affect that,
but mostly.
Mostly, if I fell asleep, I'll
be just OK.
I'm just having a problem zoned
for.
And do the fact.
And to the factors like noise
and everything just counts in as
well.
Yes, yes.
What are some of the fact like.
Yeah, yeah, that's done. Have
you ever experienced any
negative effects of lack of
sleep such as difficulty
concentrating or feeling
irritable?
Whenever I have like lack of
sleep, it's either I am tired
most of the day, easily
distracted, and yeah, I just
like it's mentioned here. I find
it difficult to concentrate.
But mostly it's feeling tired
and easily distracted.
And is it hard for you to
concentrate like I mean?
Yeah, of course.
For the day.
Yes.
Have you ever used an app or
other technology to help improve
your sleep habits? If so, what
was your experience like?
No, actually I have never tried
anything. Sometimes I already.
Alright.
I've already verified factors
but I don't do anything about
them.
So like, is there any method
like how you make yourself fall
asleep or something?
Uh, yeah, I tried to imagine
stuff in my head, you know, try
to calm myself down, because
when I not when I'm unable to
fall asleep, I get irritated
because I wasn't. I wasn't able
to fall asleep and then just.
I keep thinking about it, so I
I'm just trying. I try to
imagine stuff you know, and calm
myself down so I can fall
asleep.
And what's your experience with
that thing? Like is it? Does
that help you and is it
effectively coming?
It's.
It does, actually. Yeah. It
helps a lot.
But sometimes it doesn't work.
Alright, alright.
Do you have any specific goals
related to improving your sleep
habits?
Do I have?
Goals related to improving my
sleep habits.
Specific.
Yeah.
Ah.
I mean, the main goal is just to
have a good sleep.
But I don't. I don't do anything
about it. Honestly. Like I don't
have. I don't have plans to
reach that goal.
Hmm. Busted. I mean, just we are
talking about the goal that you
have.
The goal is to have enough sleep
and be basically able to fall
asleep once I I want to not to
try to sleep for 2-3 hours.
And you wanna add like pink
consistent in this in your sleep
Well.
cycle through this point as
well.
Sorry.
Yeah, I mean, do you wanna add
like being consistent in yours?
And I.
Like sleeping habits on this
point as well?
Oh, no, no, I am not, I think.
The fact that I oversleep in the
weekends and it doesn't really
help me having a a consistent
sleeping schedule.
So it's either I sleep a lot or
I don't sleep enough. It has
Umm.
always been that way.
What features would you like to
see in an app design to promote
healthy sleep and habits?
And.
I want to have the notification
to tell me what to do and what
not to do like.
Yeah, I know that one of the
factors is the large consumption
of caffeine. So it'd be it would
be very helpful to have a
notification telling you when to
stop drinking caffeine on, when
to stop smoking or what to eat,
what not to eat.
You know, this kind of stuff.
Umm.
How do you currently wake up? Is
it all through alarms?
And that's it.
Yes.
And and do you think they are
effective?
Uh.
It's kinda annoying. Yeah.
Whenever I wake up to the other
Umm.
it just it makes my mood really,
really bad. And I tend to just.
Shut it down and go back to
sleep. But I I always try to.
Fight that urge of going back to
sleep because of the bad way. I
woke up with, which is a very
bad sound of an alarm.
And like, do you set multiple
alarms? Why when you wake up?
No, no.
This is the only good thing I
do. I I can wake up from one
alarm. I try to push myself to
wake up from 1:00 alarm.
Umm.
So like it works for you, right?
That's what you mean? Like said
in single alarm.
Yeah, it.
The single line is is enough for
me. Yeah. Yeah. I don't need
multiples.
And linked, what do you do it
like when you wake up? So do you
stay in bed or do you just move
out of the bed?
Uhm.
Mostly I just stay in bed.
You know, screaming in my phone,
using my phone for like, an hour
at least.
And then this makes me wanna go
back to sleep.
Umm.
And makes me even more tired
than I woke up.
Uh, but I try to stop doing
that. But if I am, if I have a
weekend, if I'm in a weekend, I
just stay in bed for like a
couple of hours like little,
little to three hours.
How important is it?
To you, to wake up feeling
refreshed and energized in the
morning.
It's critically important. I
mean, if you don't start your
day being refreshed and
energetic, then it just it's a
bad day.
Umm.
So yeah, it's it's very
important to to have a very good
So like.
morning, like literally every
fleshing good.
So you mean like?
It it it might affect your
efficiency. That's why you're
trying to say.
Uh, my mood, it affects my mood,
like my mental state and my
Umm.
physical state as well.
Like, I'll be fatigue. Tired.
Not feeling like getting out of
bed. So it's both the mental
state of the physical state.
Right.
Do you have any concerns using
technology such as machine
learning AI or biometric sensor
to improve your sleep? If so,
what are they?
No, actually I don't have anyone
I don't mind.
As long as they cannot help me.
Maintain or have a consistent
sleeping habit.
So.
I mean, you. Can I, isha like
you can rely on these things for
your like, improving your sleep.
Umm.
Hopefully, like yeah, I believe
I can rely on them.
Yeah, you're concerns can
include, like, uh, inappropriate
data collection. So, you know,
if the by like biometric
sensors, they are, are they on
to be able to pick up the
information like properly. So
they might provide you the
information incorrectly. So
that's like there can be a
concern like that thing what I'm
trying to say.
Uh.
Umm can you say that again?
For example, if your biometrics
like the when you are tracking
your sleep, it might collect
your data in accurately and
Umm.
which might result in showing
the inappropriate data.
So that can be one of your
concern. So like there that's
Ohh.
what I'm trying to say. So don't
you think like it can be a
concern or something?
It can be a concern, but I don't
think it happens majorly. It
could be minorly.
Umm.
So I I believe too, I think we
should trust that it made a new
works out correctly.
So I don't think it's a major
concern.
All right.
What are some of the challenges
you face when it comes to
maintaining healthy sleep
habits?
I wasn't able to stop smoking
before going to bed.
And I couldn't also stop the
stress that I believe it's one
of the reasons why I I problems
falling asleep.
UM and in the other hand, once I
fell asleep, I didn't to
oversleep.
And I couldn't stop doing that
like.
It's.
I always tend to oversleep, and
the day that I couldn't sleep.
So it affects me badly. Like I
fell asleep finally after like
2-3 hours and then I turned to
oversleep, which messes up with
my.
Sleeping schedule for the next
day, so I sleep even more later
the next day, and so on.
Umm.
And this this really effects my
my bedtime schedule.
Right.
Can you tell me about a time
when you had a particularly good
night's sleep? What factors
contributed to the experience?
I would say when I stopped
smoking.
I used to have a very good
sleep.
And.
Also when I.
I you don't, you don't want me
to like define A1 single day,
right? It's just.
I can talk about multiple times,
right?
Yeah, it can be anything like
anything. That's fine for you.
Uh, OK, uh, another another
time. When I had a very good
sleep was when I finished my
exam.
Like the next few days after
that I had really good sleep
Umm.
like I just.
Thought about sleeping and I
directly fell asleep.
Alright, so anxiety can be a
factor as well. Anxiety and
stress in like getting on.
100% yes.
Do you share your bed with a
partner or a roommate?
Sometimes yes.
How does their sleep schedule or
habits impact your own sleep?
Not negatively. I think it's
mostly positively. It actually
helps me fall asleep easier.
Umm.
And it doesn't affect. It
doesn't affect my sleep habits
negatively. It's mostly
positively.
Does that answer your question?
Are there any other factor?
Well, it's like, yeah.
Are there any other factors or
information you think would be
important for us to consider
when designing an app to promote
healthy sleeping habits?
Uh.
Actors all information.
Yeah, that you think would be
important for us to consider
14.
when designing an app.
Uh, I'm not sure if you if this
could be like a personalized.
At right?
You just say what's like what's
it can be anything. It can be
Is it going to be a personalized
like?
like anything that's on your
mind.
I it.
And well, I think it's.
It would be much better if the
app could like I can put
information the app.
UM like?
Umm.
And recording my data by myself
which can like yeah can use this
data to help me.
Regulate my sleep somehow, like
I want it to be a personalized
ohh a rather than just something
general for everyone, because
the if it's that the case then
we can just have information
online.
So it's like you want the
application to provide the
information which is good for
you rather than in general.
Yes, exactly. According to the
records that the app have
already collected, either
through me or through the
parametrics.
Yeah. So yeah, I think that's
the thing that we'll be working
on on cause we'll be in
implementing AI, ML and other
things, you know, just to make
like application, which is like
personalized for a person
itself.
That sounds very cool.
And also like like can do you
have like specific things that
you wanna talk about like when
waking up like how can we make
it easier for people to wake
them up?
UM.
Easier to wake them up.
Basis played to wake me up is
when I know that I had enough
sleep.
Umm.
I mean, just like I told you, I
always have this problem. It's
either I don't sleep enough or I
oversleep and both both cases
and makes me feel sick or tired.
Sorry. So I just. It would be
good if, like, for example, in
weekends I just sit there and I
sit on the app that I am going
to sleep right now and it will
automatically set an alarm for
me.
Umm.
To wake me up at any certain
time where at that time I will
have enough.
Sleep and I wake up feeling
good, not tired.
That's why that's exactly what I
meant by personalized
experience.
Umm.
OK.
So I think that's all we we are
good to go. Do you have any
questions or would you like to
add anything else to your
responses?
No, I think I'm good.
Alright, thank you for your
time. And if you do have any
feedback or questions or
suggestions you you already have
the contact information so you
can just connect with us for
improving everything and if you
had anything to add you can just
do it by that. Thank you for
your time again.
OK.
You're very welcome.
Alright, bye bye.
Bye bye.